Reflections from the Amazon Field School

§

This was a life-changing experience for me. I believe that Kwantlen
should have more of these classes which offer different learning
opportunities for students. Participating in this course was even more
interesting while being on location in the Amazon. This further
enhanced the experience by allowing students to get out of their
comfort zones and be exposed to new environments. As a result students
were able to tap into themselves and develop personal skills that may
never be developed in a regular classroom setting. I felt like I was
working on my development as a person and not just focusing on hard
skills. I believe that in traditional classroom settings students
rarely get the chance to focus on themselves and are not fully
engaged. IDEA courses allow for freedom to learn without too many
restrictions. I would recommend this course to anyone looking to
experience something life-changing and with much personal
growth. Being a part of this course while being in the Amazon rain
forest is something I will never forget.

§

Before making the decision to travel to Colombia as a representative
of Kwantlen Polytechnic University (KPU) I carried a burden in my
heart that prevented me from feeling completely satisfied with my
experience as a student. The routine I developed, reading books and
attending lectures, was no longer fulfilling so I shifted my focus
toward finding a way to be a part of something more, something
great. The Amazon field school was just that. Being a member of the
Amazon field school program not only provided an opportunity for me to
be a part of a life altering journey, it also changed how I view
education. Furthermore, being a member of the program offered more
than an opportunity to learn about Colombia and its culture, it also
provided me a safe outlet to break personal boundaries and increase my
self-awareness. By participating in the Amazon field school I acquired
knowledge not only about Colombia but also about myself and recommend
that students who are searching for direction (in their personal lives
or in their studies) partake in the Amazon adventure.

§

The Amazon experience allowed me to flow like the river itself, in
such a form where each day was lived fully and intensely. It inspired
me to create more, and use the living spirit of the forest as my
vessel of expression. Getting long hours of sleep, waking up early and
rested, ready to encounter a new day. The air was constantly
electrified by sounds from nearby nocturnal wildlife. It was
interesting to notice the Yin and Yang in the forest, for which by day
and night are were completely different. I am both humbled and awed by
all the generous, intelligent and creative Colombians that we met
along this journey. It was a heart-guiding experience for most of
us. The opportunity that Kwantlen gave me to experience this is
something I will be eternally grateful for, and I encourage further
Colombian and jungle field schools. For me it was an extremely rich
experience. I gained knowledge on the biodiversity of Colombia,
experienced the wild, thriving nature for myself, and gained creative
inspiration that will direct me on multiple levels of my life and
academics. I indulged in various local Amazonian artistic media, while
also learning about the politics and social issues of Colombia as well
as the ecology of the land. I came back with a new drive and broadened
perspectives. I came back with a new layer of skin and soul that share
the same storytelling nature as the layered trees.

§

The IDEA 3100 Amazon field school was a life experience that I will
never forget and one I will always brag about! IDEA has such a unique
approach to student learning, and I am so proud to be studying at a
University that has program like this. I have never, in my 6 years of
university, felt so involved in my learning. I thoroughly enjoyed
every aspect of this IDEA course. In IDEA you touch on multiple
topics, and experience multiple views and reactions. The course was
very interactive. Every student in IDEA 3100 wanted to be there,
making the learning process that much more interesting and
rewarding. I feel like a better-rounded student and person after just
one IDEA course. I have personally seen what a Science concentrated
degree can do to you, and I wish Simon Fraser had something like IDEA
to keep me balanced when I was studying for my B.Sc. Not all students
are traditional learners and I feel IDEA has an approach to education
and learning that the world needs to adopt; IDEA’s teaching methods
seem to fit more learning types. This program is something to be proud
of. Thank you to Ross and Lucie for being the such passionate
instructors. It’s refreshing to have instructors that are so dedicated
and involved with student education and learning.

§

The Interdisciplinary Expressive Arts Amazon Field School was a great
experience. The instruction of this course embodies most learning
styles. This allows true learning to take place, each student at their
own speed. Personal reflection allowed me to garner a deeper
understanding of myself and the information I learned on this
trip. Current university structure puts all emphasis on memorization
and regurgitating information onto standardized tests. This fails to
create true intellectual development. The IDEA course structure of
hands on experience and self-reflection allows students to gain a
deeper understanding of the material ultimately accessing higher
intellectual thought. Everyone I told about my trip to Colombia was
surprised to hear that such an exotic trip was being offered at
Kwantlen rather than UBC or SFU. I assume this is because they still
believe Kwantlen to be a lesser institution. However, everyone I have
told about the Amazon has been really excited to experience the field
school vicariously through my photos and account of the trip. One
thing that stood out to me after a conversation with a friend was,
“Jeez, if my school had trips to Colombia I woulda stayed in
school”. I really believe this sums up the benefit of having this
Amazon Field School, it puts Kwantlen on the map.


§

The Amazon field study was an ambitious endeavor to give students a
transformative experience, and Kwantlen’s IDEA program was truly
successful at doing so. This adventure to Colombia is something that I
will never forget. When I started at Kwantlen I had a goal to further
educate myself, I never thought that my time at university would also
lead to such an amazing experience such as this. I thought University
would be a place and time for me to grow in a sense of education,
however this IDEA field study helped me to grow as a person, which I
believe in combination with my education I have received will help me
to be successful in my future after I graduate. It is because of the
IDEA program that I have become a more rounded student, with not just
in classroom experience but a more international perspective. Which is
what I believe will help me to go further in both studies and career
goals. Sometimes it takes straying from routines and pushing yourself
past where you thought your limits were to help further develop
yourself. This is what the IDEA program does; it gives you that push
past the routine and into the unknown. It is a program that allows for
one to further develop themselves in ways most traditional education
doesn’t. It is the non-traditional ways of IDEA and the fact I got to
go to the Amazon Rainforest as a field trip that have made it one of
my favorite classes at Kwanlten.

§

Kwantlen Polytechnic University was the first school in Canada to
embark on an adventure to the Colombian Amazon, and I was fortunate
enough to be one of its first participants. We hiked through the
Amazon rainforest with shaman guides, sometimes during rainstorms; we
had an evening boat ride down the Amazon with nothing but the stars
and galaxies to light our way; we met with professionals and locals to
hear their tales of social responsibility, global issues, and magic;
and we witnessed countless rainbows, sunsets, and thunderstorms,
showcasing the diversity and complexity that is the Amazon. I remember
on the boat ride to Calanoa there was an intense thunderstorm –
lightning bolts illuminated the night sky as fireflies danced between
the trees – and all I was thinking was: the adventure has officially
begun. I am eternally indebted to Ross, Lucie, Marlene, Diego,
Carolina, Daniela, everyone at Calanoa and Kwantlen Polytechnic
University for providing this transformative experience. I learned so
much about myself, about Colombia, and about the world around
me. Ultimately, this was an experience I will never, never forget. It
was expensive, it was terrifying, but it was exciting, necessary, and
infinitely rewarding. I will recommend this field school to whomever I
can for as long as I can.

§

The IDEA Amazon field school has reminded me how much I enjoy
learning. I have always found that I have had problems connecting to
the material in a traditional classroom setting. I have difficulty
focusing during lectures, as I know that my style of learning is a
kinesthetic one. I learn best when I am actively engaged, and
generally rely on trial-and-error to solve problems and understand
material, (which is not necessarily conducive to receiving high
grades). While I do remember material easily when participating in
discussion, I am often one of only a few members who are interested in
speaking. Despite my relatively high grades, I do not consider myself
to be a good student. I procrastinate often, rarely read assigned
materials or texts, and draw pictures instead of take notes. I
calculate grades and percentages to determine the minimum amount of
work I can get away with doing and still maintain my GPA. I do not
blame the school for my general lack of motivation, as the traditional
system is something I simply do not fit into. IDEA does not only
encourage participation; it demands it. It demands 110% in everything
that is done, and I was more than willing to accommodate that
demand. The student-directed approach to learning is one that really
appeals to me as well; I am much more willing to put effort into a
project that I devised, or devised within a group, than I am with an
assignment that is imposed upon me, or that I do not understand. I
feel as though my input is welcomed, and the learning environment is
one that is receptive, friendly, and encourages personal growth and
development. I love that every student gets a chance to speak. The
concept of open discussion is embraced, and IDEA is one of only a few
classes where I felt challenged to honestly and openly reflect on the
material presented to me. I will continue to take IDEA classes during
my time at Kwantlen, as I believe the skills I have developed this
semester as an IDEA student are skills that I will keep with me, and
continue to use, for the rest of my life.

§

In Colombia, I went on an amazing journey – and not just within the
trip itself but also an emotional roller coaster. I experienced so
many eye-opening things that I have difficulty putting it all into
words. One of things that I really wanted to do when I was on this
trip was to go into it without letting fear stop me. There was no
doubt that I had fears and anxieties about what I was getting into but
I realized that this was an opportunity of a lifetime and a chance to
make as many memories as possible. I wanted to do everything and
experience everything because I knew I would regret it if I didn’t. I
tackled my fears while I was there and it has given me a new sense of
courage now. It was frightening enough just to decide to go to the
Amazon in the first place knowing that I would be in an truly
unfamiliar environment. I didn’t know how I would feel while I was
there. I felt that I pushed myself to be brave and not worry about the
outcome as much and I always ended up realizing that it wasn’t as bad
as I thought it would be. I surprised myself with how I reacted
emotionally to the situations I was put in. Even though overall I had
anxieties there was something internal pushing me to be brave. It was
a feeling that I had never experienced before.

§

During this field school I learned that I don’t know very much about
the world, but I know I really want to.  Colombia made me realize that
university alone does not shape you into knowledgeable
person. Experiences such as this are essential to being a better
rounded person. IDEA exposed me to so many avenues of study that I was
not aware of, and many that I am genuinely interested in.  This is the
first course in my 6 years of university where the grade was not the
focus of my study. I believe that this is the reason why I fully
engaged in the process and the journey. Our group reflections helped
me break out of my shell. They were an important part of this process
for me. I was shocked at the way I was able to speak to the group. I
was much more open than I am used to being. It was not just about
facing fear, it was about trusting others. Something I feel I had
lost. Now, I want to only associate myself with things I believe in
and things I am proud of. I want to see the world. If Colombia alone
has taught all this, I can’t imagine what seeing the world would
do. Life is a journey, and I think that mine is finally taking off. I
want to have more of these experiences; they are priceless lessons; an
entirely different type of education. Thank you Ross and Lucie for
pushing for this field school.

§

I now know a calm peace within myself like I have never known
before. Spending two weeks walking side by side the group, everyday
has been the catalyst for this. I realize now that I cannot move
forward alone, I must engage and be part of the greater whole in order
to realize any true and lasting meaning. Our group and the people of
Colombia, the Amazon and certainly the villages have shown me that it
is possible to be happier with less. Watching the children of the
village on the football field proved this to me. We are all
connected. I can now feel the connection after living it, it came from
the Amazon and the people – it was not there before we left Canada.

