
IDEA Testimonials
=================

“The course asked me to challenge myself, open up and to share my work
with others. I have been at Kwantlen for five years and during that
time I have undergone numerous peer reviews, presentations and
submitted essays that I have toiled on and poured hours into. That
said, this class seemed to be asking more of me: to submit works that
originate from me, ultimately in a personal way… Working on these
projects opened up many avenues of myself to my own consciousness,
from simply blowing off steam to expressing my opinions to what I most
enjoy: morphing my own memories and experiences into works with
anchors to the waking world. [My final project] was the champion of
all my work. At the risk of being overly-dramatic, what I experienced
was something near an epiphany. Realization dawned on me that with
every activity I use to explore my own creative nature, I slowly
better myself. I learn that I enjoy not only the process of creating
something that is my own but the finished product as well. These
feelings are the beginnings of pride, which I don't feel I have truly
had with my work for many years… As the semester ends I feel that I
can truly say I have delved deeper into myself, learning about what
and who I really am. It is this that I find truly valuable. This is
something I will ruminate on while on long drives and use to build
myself as I age… Every semester it is as if I am working on a novel
about myself. I become ever more self-aware and in turn discover
things I feel strongly about and other traits that I am not happy to
have a part of me. To draw on a cliché, the journey itself is much
more valuable than the beginning or end — something many often seem to
forget, including myself. This class was another step in that journey,
reminding me that the moment I am in, is the only moment I have.”

“Every week when I came to class I felt very encouraged and inspired by
all of the different creative ideas… I am walking away from this
semester after putting in a great effort, with new skills and
experiences that I will be able to reflect on forever.”

“I have never taken a course like this before. I think there should be
more courses that follow this criteria. You allowed me to take my
creativity to a whole new level. I think that creativity should be a
bigger part of education because it is so crucial to every individual.
Creativity shapes people as individuals and gives them personality. It
also allows them to experience things they never have experienced
before.”

“This course forced me to let go of the constraints I place on myself
for constant organization and planning, for which I am grateful. I have
been able to explore my creative side in a way I had always wanted to
but never thought I had time for. I have found time for the kinds of
things I enjoy and feel I have accomplished some real personal growth.”

“My progress within the semester in this class was been great for me not
only academically but personally. I have gained so much. A simple little
project turned into something wonderful. I built new relationships that
I didn’t know existed.”

“I realized that this class is very different from other classes that I
have taken previously. Therefore, I was going to drop this class because
I was afraid to be in this unfamiliar learning environment, especially
with my poor English skill. Furthermore, I am an introvert person who
feels stressful every time need to present our own thoughts in front of
the class. However, class activities create a positive atmosphere which
allows me to learn how to express my individuality in a group setting.
After a period of time, the supporting and encouraging atmosphere have
totally changed my mind, and I gradually enjoy to be in this class… I
like this class because I get to know and understand people, and it
helps me to develop a better interpersonal skills… All in all, I do
learn tremendous knowledge and have fun while participating in this
class.”

“Interdisciplinary studies are far more beneficial than just focusing
on one subject because they allow us to look at things in very
different ways. IDEA class gave me the confidence to think outside the
box and apply my artistic and critical forms of thought into my other
classes even though I was nervous beyond belief. I read more scholarly
sources for one paper this term than I have in the entire four years I
have been at Kwantlen and I believe it has everything to do with this
class and these assignments.”

“I am currently finishing up my last semester at Kwantlen and I wish I
had known about these courses when they were first introduced. My
academic journey has been a very long one, between working and changing my
programs. However, the three IDEA courses that I have
managed to take at the end have been the courses that will stand out
the most when I think back on my time at Kwantlen. The amount of
personal growth I have experienced in these classes has been an
extremely positive experience and I cannot express my gratitude
enough. If it was not for these classes and the projects and
assignments that we had to do I would not have been able to reconnect
with the creative part of myself that I have somehow managed to lose
track of over the last many years. Not only was I
encouraged to reconnect and embrace with the creative, silly, and
childlike part of me that was lost somewhere in my earlier years at
Kwantlen, But I was able to do this in a safe environment that encouraged
this kind of personal development. So I believe that down the road,
when I am teaching my own students, I will still remember these
projects and how they made me feel and try to encourage my students to
do the same. I will not hinder their creativity, but rather, encourage
it and try to utilize it as a way to demonstrate the importance of
self-expression and how it contributes to their personal growth.”

“The thing that this class brought to my life was permission to create
and be creative. Though my reasoning was often related to a final
grade, I think that creating is something that needs to be a bigger
part of my life — even when grades aren’t a part of it. I thought
differently about various things throughout the semester and the 3
hours in IDEA were often the time of the week where I actually
reflected about myself, and my family and the path that we’re on. I
listened in IDEA.”

“I loved participating in the class. The atmosphere was very welcoming
to speak out. All the students were very nice to each other and
supportive. I think generally a student wanting to participate is much
better than a teacher picking on or forcing a student to participate.
You have created a classroom setting where I felt the need to
participate because of the thought provoking topics and discussions.”

“I honestly feel that learning happens when there is a lighter
atmosphere with a sense of freedom. This semester has been a wonderful
experience and I am glad I had the chance to do this in my last year
at Kwantlen. I realized a lot about myself and changed my way of
thinking about education. I will take many aspects of this course with
me in my future endeavours.”

“Our IDEA class demonstrates the benefits of a non-traditional classroom
format. Everyone has to pay attention in circle; there is no hiding.
Everyone is an equal, including the teacher.”

“Interdisciplinary Expressive Arts is without a doubt the most
enlightening class that I have ever taken. Never before have I seen a
class that facilitates you diving into yourself to discover and
understand your own creative process in a way that relates to
you. It’s truly been an incredible experience that I’ll never forget.”

“This IDEA class has opened my eyes to a new kind of learning. I can
confidently say that I have never enjoyed a university course as much as
this one. That being said I must explain how I view things. I think it’s
very unfortunate that to succeed in life I’m having to go to university
and take courses that I don’t even enjoy in order to get a piece of
paper after four or five years that says I have taken blank number of
courses and have passed with adequate grades. That piece of paper is
then somehow supposed to give me an advantage in obtaining a good-paying
job so that I can then buy a bunch of stuff that I may or may not need.
It makes me very depressed to think that I have spent so much of my time
being miserable, just so that I can work for the rest of life. This is
why I liked IDEA class so much.”

“The weekly sessions of IDEA 3100 was probably the only academic session
during this semester which kept me thinking after the class and even for
while after that! The course moved me to my core. I was made to go deep
into analysis and simply think about my life in general, and get away
from the simple small things. This does not happen a lot, especially in
an academic context, and I appreciate the structure and the content of
this course.”

“I cannot remember a semester in which was as much fun as this one. I
also cannot remember a class that inspired me to write a poem about
it. Then again, not every class grants its students the opportunity to
truly find themselves in activities which are important to them. I am
happy that the feeling of exploration allowed our group projects to
think bigger with our ideas because there is a certain pressure to
have a cool presentation to ensure the activity is memorable. As the
semester progressed there was stiff competition for what activity was
the best. I still remember the first exercise our teacher had us do:
we went outside and were given a piece of paper with a list of
questions on it and we could not look at the next question until we
felt satisfied with the previous one. The class has a nice synergy of
activities which pushed us out of our comfort zones and activities
which reminded us that sometimes we need to look inward. I am sad
that this class is done. I wonder why more classes are not like this.
The argument, “Because this is the way we have always done it,” has no
weight.  Look no further than this class for proof.”

“Thank you so much once again for an amazing semester. Overall, I
believe I have taken every IDEA course that's been availiable. If I
had it my way, I would change my major to IDEA! I have learned so much
from these courses that I can apply in my future endeavours. Honestly,
I have never experienced taking such courses which are so informative
and have such a great learning curve. IDEA courses have taught me to
express my creativity, learn team building skills, develop my self
awareness, improve my leadership and public speaking, and express my
imagination. These are all skills that I can apply prefessionally.”

“IDEA 3100 influenced me in a productive way. I was constantly
reflecting on the ideas thrown in the class (by the instructor and the
other students). The instructor was truly motivating, and mind-opening
for me. Overall, I was continuously engaged with the message of the
course through self-reflection, tasks done as a result of a generated
motivation, developing a creative approach to a desired healthy
lifestyle as a projects, and finally doing a project and learning from
it.”

“Thank you for a wonderful semester. I have fundamentally renewed how I
operate. I’ve sought to add and welcome creativity to my life… The
culmination of applying these tools and projects is that I am happier
and more efficient, and have maintained my motivation to keep moving
through it all. Also, being in the circle re-conceptualized my ideas of
instruction and the classroom. I plan on becoming a teacher, and
reflecting on this semester, my consciousness is now awakened to the way
that traditional education and its content is formatted, constrained and
determined through the physical arrangement of a classroom. Further, my
eyes are now incredibly open to how children interact with their
traumas. I will carry these lessons forward.”

Letters of Support
------------------

Some students have taken the initiative to write letters supporting the
continuance and growth of IDEA at Kwantlen. (I have received permission
from the students to include their names along with these letters.)

### Lee Beavington

The Interdisciplinary Expressive Arts (IDEA) courses offered at Kwantlen
Polytechnic University challenge students to be the captains of their
education. I have observed students, including myself, come out of their
shells, contribute with purpose and meaning to class discussion and
activities, and have transformative learning experiences.

I have taken three IDEA courses at Kwantlen. While each course provided
a different focus – mythology, science and religion, and writing for new
media, respectively – they all helped in development of my academic,
social, professional and personal lives. The IDEA courses have a way of
linking these sometimes divergent paths into a clearer whole.

Within the contextual framework of each IDEA class, and under Ross
Laird’s inspired guidance, I was able to achieve a number of significant
goals. I am more confident as a presenter. My writing, both formal and
creative, has dramatically improved. I gained clarity in my journey
toward graduate studies. I honed skills in communication and group
facilitation that prove invaluable in my current job as an educator.

I have enrolled in a wide spectrum of courses at Kwantlen that span
across the arts and sciences. The IDEA classes have, unequivocally, had
the most impact on my life. They have fuelled my passion for learning
and have been a tremendous influence in my pursuit of a career in
education and creativity.

### Tierney Wisniewski

I am about to graduate from Kwantlen with a BA in Psychology and
somewhere in the neighborhood of a 4.2 GPA. I’m currently applying to MA
programs in counselling psychology. I’ve taken a number of courses with
Ross – 5 at this institution, another at VCC. Two of the courses at
Kwantlen have been IDEA courses. I enjoy creative writing, so the other
three were under that banner.

I came to this institution knowing that I wanted to be a counsellor, and
knowing that my BA was a necessary grind. I knew that most of my courses
would give me a good intellectual background in psychology, and that was
important, but it wasn’t sufficient. I wanted to use my education to
develop as a person. Now, I’ve had a few courses in psychology that
helped me do that, and I’ve heard good things about the counselling
courses (I took mine at VCC, so I’ve never experienced one here). But
these courses are primarily for students taking degrees in psychology or
minors in counselling. We need a banner under which students from all
disciplines can talk about and work on the things that matter and grow
as people. We shouldn’t split our students into intellectual and
non-intellectual sides and then commit to growing only half of them.
This is madness.

At Kwantlen, building student community is a particular
challenge. It’s no surprise; I’ve been in many a course in which I’ve
sat in the front row and never gotten to know the classmates who sat
behind me by face or by name. It’s kind of embarrassing for me, but it
should be more embarrassing for Kwantlen. You can’t ignore community
in the classroom and then expect it to magically appear in
extracurriculars. IDEA courses are the only ones, besides small
seminars, in which I’ve gotten to know all of my classmates. We sit in
a circle. Everyone participates. We get to know each other at a level
that is unusual in the Kwantlen experience, and our ties extend past
the posting of final grades.

It’s for this reason IDEA courses attract the kind of students who are
prone to being engaged and involved citizens – the kind of students
Kwantlen struggles right now to develop. Out of a class of 20, I would
say that at least 5 of us participated in the SGM to oust the old KSA
council members who have been causing us so much trouble. I also
recognized a number of other current and past IDEA students helping out
or voting. You just don’t get that kind of commitment from a 3-hour
lecture.

### Marion Buan

This class does not get the credit it deserves. I am in my final year of
post-secondary education and I am graduating with a BA in General
Studies. If a university is offering such a degree, then a class like
IDEA is absolutely fitting for it. More specifically, it is a course
with useful subject matter that I could apply to my future endeavours.
Learning about expressiveness, creativity and awareness of self and
others is extremely relevant to my future profession (an elementary
school teacher) and my everyday life. This is not an easy class and
should not be viewed as such. It is challenging and, I feel, it is
neccessary for people to experience challenge in their lives. It’s the
only way to discover our potential.

### Cameron Doyle

I have been attending Kwantlen Polytechnic University since 2008, and
just recently took IDEA 3301: Mythological Narratives with Ross Laird. I
took this course for two reasons: first, it was formerly a Creative
Writing course, which meant that I could broaden my artistry as a
Creative Writing major. Secondly, Ross Laird’s vast knowledge, great
personality, and unique teaching style are just shy of infamous. Many,
many people know of Ross and his courses – and this isn’t an easy feat.

The students across every campus of Kwantlen are much more disassociated
with each other than at other universities. As there’s less of a student
social scene, difficulties can arise when it comes to learning, through
other students, about great courses and great instructors. Ross doesn’t
have this problem. If anyone takes an IDEA course with Ross, they talk
about it –incessantly. This is because no one leaves an IDEA classroom
without feeling like they’ve had a great time learning. Furthermore, I
have never left a class without something written down to punch into
Google – extra-curricular study stuff. This wasn’t a requirement, this
was Ross sparking genuine interest in me, which spurred me to continue
learning in my own spare time.

Another reason people talk about Ross and IDEA is because of how
perfectly suited they are for each other. Ross works well within IDEA,
because IDEA has just as much personality as Ross does. You couldn’t
give IDEA a rigid structure in the same way you couldn’t throw a pair of
slacks and suspenders on Ross and make him speak a monotone physics
lecture. It doesn’t work like that. IDEA is Ross’ home, and IDEA is
where Ross flourishes as an instructor. IDEA is Ross and Ross is IDEA.
Remove one from the other, and you’re not only losing out on a brilliant
instructor, you’re also missing out on a genuinely engaging string of
courses that are refreshing, informative, and geared toward the students
of today. IDEA is the future of higher learning. If you have any doubts
about any of this, I suggest you refer to his survey scores or, better
yet, speak to a few of his students, who are always speaking highly of
Ross and IDEA.

### Erica Ryan

During this semester in IDEA 3100, I had the opportunity to explore new
things and use my experiences to deepen my creativity and personal
awareness. I started the semester doubting that I had any inner
creativity, and I am ending this semester with the confidence that I do.
By actively exploring my own creativity outside of the classroom (during
individual and group assignments) and participating in creative class
activities (during other group activities), I have broadened my creative
abilities. I have also enjoyed watching and listening to other peoples’
creative experiences.

As a student at Kwantlen for the past six years, I have mostly aimed my
studies towards academic areas, such as English, psychology,
mathematics, and history. Needless to say, in these areas of study,
there has not been much room for personal creativity; structure and
ridged course outlines are what I am used to. In the IDEA class, I have
thoroughly enjoyed the opportunities for personal creativity and project
flexibility. This class gave me opportunities to explore my inner life,
not just my academic, rational life. As the instructor, Ross (2011)
states, “the inner life (of creativity, of self-awareness, of character
development) is the route to fulfilment in so many ways”. I feel
fulfilled when I am given the chance to choose my own areas of study and
exploration. Each day that I come to IDEA class, I come with an open
mind, ready to learn something new, or engage in a new art form. I
honestly have enjoyed every activity we have done in class. However, the
activities that I have enjoyed the most were the photo scavenger hunt,
airplane making, and dancing “the Macarena”. During these three
activities I was able to have more fun at Kwantlen than I have ever had.
I have never participated in anything at Kwantlen other than going to
class, listening to a lecture or presentation, writing notes, and
handing in assignments. Running around campus taking unusual pictures,
flying paper airplanes down the hallways, and dancing in a classroom are
activities out of the norm of my usual studies. These activities freed
me from the sense of boredom and sterility that Kwantlen usually fills
me with. This IDEA class entailed a whole lot more than just my usual
classroom duties. In IDEA learning is not only self-directed, it is fun.

I also enjoyed leading the class in creative activities. During my two
group assignments, the class did a pumpkin carving workshop and made
Christmas crafts based on Christmas traditions. I enjoyed the class
discussions the most. During the pumpkin carving workshop, I enjoyed
looking at everyone’s pumpkin creations and listening to why they chose
the carving they did. Pumpkin carving for me is a very relaxing,
creative process. It was fun to experience other people taking pleasure
in the same activity. Each pumpkin took on its own unique creative
entity. The class also seemed to enjoy the Christmas craft activity. The
discussion brought out many different people’s experiences and
traditions around the holiday season. I feel that these two
presentations will serve me well when I am a teacher because I can use
them as learning tools and creative activities in my future classroom. I
would like to be an Elementary school teacher when my degree is
complete, and I truly believe this IDEA class has given me a different
way to look at the structure of a classroom. As a teacher, I would like
to make my future classrooms have as many creative outlets for my
students as possible, so learning can be fun and involve
self-exploration. I think children can experience great pride in
themselves when they have the opportunity to let their interests and
abilities shine, in a safe and encouraging environment. Personally, I
feel that a creative classroom is more relaxed and invites an
opportunities for discussion and learning. I feel like I learn more when
I enjoy what I am doing, such as crafts, sewing, and dancing, than I do
when I am listening to a dry lecture and taking notes. I wish I had
taken more IDEA classes during the completion of my Bachelor’s degree.
However, I will be competing my degree this semester with fresh, new
ideas about ways to introduce (and keep) creativity in the classroom.

### Marija Prodanovic

First and foremost I would like to thank you (Ross) and my classmates in
IDEA 3100 for an amazing semester. I feel lucky to have had the
opportunity to be a member of a hands-on student directed class.
Initially, I was very intimidated by the “structure” of this IDEA class
because I have never been exposed to such a student-driven classroom
setting. My challenge at the beginning of the course was to let go of
the traditional course structure that I have been accustomed to for the
past four years as a psychology student at Kwantlen. I was shocked to
find out that the whole 3 exams one essay and individual/group project
course outline fiasco did not apply to this class whatsoever. I’ve heard
the saying that “letting go is the hardest thing to do” and believe me
that is definitely an understatement. I feel like I have changed quite a
bit in terms of my understanding of what learning is and how we can
teach information to others.

My classmates are all so creative, inventive, understanding, and
supportive and I feel privileged to have been able to participate and
actively engage in the facilitation groups and activities my classmates
had allowed us to be a part of. I never thought that I would have
learned about so many interesting topics. I found that this class forced
me to think outside the box and not be so concerned about criteria or
constraints in terms of time, page numbers, hours of work etc.
Presenting my first individual project was nerve racking and I was
afraid as to what my classmates would think of my art. The feedback I
got was great, I was so happy to get pointers about the best way to
preserve and protect my canvas and even where to get the supplies to do.

On a more personal note, taking this class has helped me reorganize my
life. I have taken your advice on “de-cluttering” different areas of my
life and so I am now an advocate of list making and regular e-mail
checking and funny enough I sleep more soundly at night. In terms of the
in class discussions we had on closure, I have caught myself telling my
friends and family on the importance of finishing things and how it will
be of benefit to them. This semester I have really focused on taking on
tasks one day at a time since I tend to get overwhelmed easily and
stress over the simplest things. Now I focus on accomplishing three
major tasks a day and I am attempting to “let go” of negative feelings
if everything is not accomplished. I also find that I have been more
aware of my participation in the classroom setting and I feel that I
have made an effort to speak up more frequently in class discussions
even though at times I may not feel comfortable doing so. Public
speaking is something I still have to work on but the acceptance I felt
from my classmates really helped this semester. I really enjoyed the
deep conversations we would get into and I felt really fortunate to have
been able to hear about how passionate some of our classmates were about
their interests and individual projects they presented.

I wish that I would have taken a class similar to this during my first
year at Kwantlen and continued to do so until I graduated because it
allowed me to explore a different aspect of myself, a more inventive and
creative me. This class pushed me to relax and reflect on my true
feelings about the personal goals I would like to accomplish and not
just on the grades I want to get or which courses would look good on a
potential resume. I wish I would have had the opportunity to register in
more IDEA classes in the future but I will be graduating this semester
and it is the time for a new adventure. I know that the experience I had
in IDEA 3100 will help me think of creative ways to teach the new
program at A.H.P Matthew Elementary school and I am thankful for being a
part of such an amazing classroom community. Thank you.

### Gurp Chahal

Just a few months ago, a friend had informed me about this course and I
was quite surprised because I did not know these courses were even
offered at Kwantlen. After reading a brief description of the course, I
instantly wanted to sign up because I have never taken a course like
this before, and in a way it would be a good way for me to end my year
in Kwantlen as I will be graduating. When it comes to interacting with
smaller groups, I think I am very social, however when it comes to
speaking out loud in front of a larger group, typically a classroom, I
become really shy and try to avoid speaking out loud. Therefore, I set a
goal for myself to become more comfortable when speaking publicly and I
thought this course would be the perfect opportunity for me to achieve
this goal. I have to admit, when I first stepped into the classroom, I
felt really anxious and was really hoping that Ross would not pick on us
on the first day.

Many teachers do not realize that students have a fear of public
speaking and often pick on students with questions. But what I really
liked about Ross is that he addressed that issue on the first day of
class by meditating and calming our nerves down. Although I did still
feel a little anxious, it just made me feel better knowing that Ross is
aware of this fear. Throughout the whole semester, he never forced an
answer or an opinion on any of his students; instead he allowed us a
choice as to whether we wanted to share something with the class. If I
have to compare my presentation performance from my first and last
project, not only did I see the difference but I felt it too. On our
last day of class, I felt completely comfortable speaking to my
classmates about my experience with the last project. I even left the
class with a smile on my face because I felt as if I achieved a huge
goal.

I would definitely recommend this course to other students attending
Kwantlen because this course forces you to think about things that you
normally would not have time for with our busy schedules. It also gives
you an opportunity to explore your options and learn more about what you
enjoy doing. In a way, this course took me away from reality and made me
feel free and relieved from the stress we experience in our day to day
lives. If these courses were offered when I first attended Kwantlen, it
would definitely help me in terms of career paths. I know a number of
students who take courses for the sake of taking it, and eventually come
back to school because they felt as if they made the wrong choice.
Instead of making appointments with educational advisors to seek advice,
why not offer classes like Interdisciplinary Expressive Arts, so
students feel a sense of achievement when graduating with a degree they
feel proud of. Normally, I often forget the material I have learned in
my academic courses, but my experience in this course is something that
I would carry with me for the rest of my life. Considering that I am
hoping to become an elementary school teacher, I know I will apply the
things I learned from this course and from my classmates, into my lesson
plans. Overall, I absolutely loved this course.

### Adam Denson

When I first attended Kwantlen in the fall of 1999 I would sit near the
back of the class and would rarely open my mouth unless called upon.
When I worked my way up with Safeway going from a stock boy at 19, to a
meat manager at 24, and finally a district merchandiser I was still
pretty much the same in terms of keeping quiet and not really speaking
up unless it was about something really important. I have slowly come
out of my shell and a big reason for that is having a class like IDEA
that has provided a place where I feel confident and comfortable
expressing myself and sharing my ideas with other peers. I now coach
senior boys basketball at North Surrey Secondary and have a job working
for the VGH Thrift Store Society a non profit organization. I work with
volunteers who are mainly young university students or grown-ups who
have a mental disability.

I think that students who get though the rigours of university and who
have some of the quiet shy tendencies like myself, will struggle or find
themselves unhappy in the working world if they do not have the
opportunity to take classes like IDEA that provide a space for students
of all different disciplines to share and express themselves and their
ideas on a variety of topics and feel comfortable and gain confidence
while doing so. The experiences that I have had this semester in IDEA
helped further remove me from my shell. I have been challenged by
pushing my boundaries and rewarded with experience and new friendships
with peers. I have been able to use this course to help counsel myself
on who I am, where I am going, and how to get there. This has been one
of the few courses that I have taken where I take it home with me,
meaning I discuss with others outside of class about something we talked
about or did or I will try something that was suggested in a class
discussion. I was very happy with the semester and am looking forward to
build on it in the spring, in IDEA 4100.

### Gurveen Kaur

IDEA courses foster independence and offer a multidisciplinary
alternative to traditional education. They allow us to expand beyond the
‘narrow-focus’ of any typical academic discipline. Through the various
we completed in class we were able to explore our own creativity and
expand our research on any given topic from a superficial level to
something more substantial. The expressive arts projects that we worked
on help develop our integrative thinking skills. They further our
knowledge through the use of modalities such as creative writing, fine
arts, photography and various arts and craft projects. I’ve enjoyed
every single project that I worked on irrespective of how it turned out.
Each one of them enriched me and taught me something meaningful, be it
about myself or something other than that. I am looking forward to more
learning.

### Sandy Patrola

The positive, warm, encouraging and safe environment of this class
really provided the perfect atmosphere for personal growth. I know this
class was about letting our creativity flow, but honestly, it provided
me with much more than that. I learned how to manage my emotions better
when things weren’t going as planned. I learned how to come up with
other strategies and methods to complete a task when my original
strategy wasn’t working. I learned how to apply creativity to my work
life, to make sure I actually had some fun at work. I learned how to be
a kid again, and do arts and crafts and not feel too old or immature for
doing so. I learned that having a creative outlet is healthy for our
bodies, our minds, and our souls. Just overall this course taught me to
not take life so seriously, and to actually enjoy school and enjoy the
time we have with other people. We take such very little time out of our
busy lives to spend on ourselves, and our loved ones. Creativity really
seems to bring people together. For example, it was pretty amazing to
see how out class interacted with one another during presentations and
the hands-on components. Overall I really enjoyed myself in this course
and look forward to applying the skills and lessons learned from this
class into my life.

### Meghan Kinnarny

What are ideas?

Ideas are the innovations made by those who want change. Ideas are the
inventions made by people who want to improve something. Ideas are
thoughts made into tools to build a better future. Ideas are dreams made
into a reality by those who care enough to see them through. Ideas are
made from curiosity, creativity, and critical thinking. Ideas are what
make life experiences beautiful and righteous. Ideas are what drive the
human species to succeed.

An Idea is possibility made from impossibility. An Idea is a challenge.
An Idea is change. An Idea is made from everyone.

IDEA is where ideas are made from everyone who want change, who want to
challenge the modern education system, to better our school and the
people within it. Kwantlen is in need of ideas. We are in need of
change, and we should challenge the education system that dictates the
definition of “higher learning”. IDEA should not just be a course here
at Kwantlen, it should be the idea that supports what we stand for.
Kwantlen stands for everything that an idea is; so why are we getting
rid of it?

We are not Simon Fraser University or the University of British
Columbia. We are Kwantlen Polytechnic University. We offer the most
diverse set of courses and programs compared to other Universities,
students don’t have to pay sixty thousand dollars a year at the Art
Institute for a Certificate in Fashion, they can come here and get a
Bachelor. We are the most racially diverse University in the country,
supporting people who have different religions and cultures and making
them feel welcome. We are one of the few schools that support a creative
learning process that other Universities would “look down on”, because
it’s not the norm of the modern classroom. We support the Foundations of
Excellence, which states that the education system should be changed to
a more hands on, engaging, interdisciplinary curriculum; where students
are not listening for three hours to a professor who copies notes
directly from the textbook instead of his or her own knowledge. Where
students can sit away from the table and engage with one another, and
learn interpersonally with each other’s experiences, help each other,
encourage each other, learn from not only the professor but with
everyone else. I want to learn at Kwantlen. And from what my experience
is so far, of three years, I am not learning anything. I am sitting at a
table for three to nine hours a day, listening to someone rant from a
chapter in a textbook, and assigning a paper that I have to recite the
exact words and opinions of my professor. I say opinions because the
only ideas that spawn from the classroom nowadays are opinions; the rest
of teaching is from books and not from someone’s personal knowledge from
where they trained. A professor needs a Ph.D to teach a class, so why
are they reading off of a textbook? Why are professors not being placed
at a more equal level to their students if we are relying on
experience-based knowledge? And if that’s what we learn from, why is
this not a part of the classroom all the time?

This is the interdisciplinary element that we are not supporting at
Kwantlen, because we think we need to sit students in a strict
environment, and subject them to learning system that fails. When I
leave a lecture based classroom at the end of my semester, I don’t
remember anything from that course. Why? Because I didn’t learn
anything. I regurgitated notes from a professor and gave it back. I
answered A, B, C, D on my final exam. I wasn’t encouraged to involve my
ideas in the classroom and was instead ridiculed for them and told I was
wrong. I was called flat out stupid by a teacher once, and she told me
that I couldn’t write because my paper wasn’t properly formatted. I took
one idea from that situation, and that was to question why the ability
of students and their quality of work is considered inferior because of
an outdated, strict education system that we call modern?

The future of education resides in the interdisciplinary creative
process, where students are allowed to question, they are allowed to
think outside of the classroom, and they are allowed to experience a
class where learning is vital. And learning is vital through the
physical engagement between students, and their professors. In IDEA, I
sat in a circle with my other classmates and my professor, I remembered
all of their names, I was allowed to talk to the professor like he was
my equal, I wasn’t made to feel like I was another stupid student
cashing out my hard earned money to a professor who would most likely
forget who I was, and not care about what I had to say. We worked as a
team to achieve what other classes think they’re achieving; an
experience that changed our lives. We learned so many things that other
classes can’t hope to teach their classes, because IDEA is
interdisciplinary.

The difference between IDEA and the modern lecture-hall-classrooms is
that I believed that I could learn something from this class. The
questions were “how” instead of “why”, and “how?” is the question that
all inventions and major changes start with.

### Abbey Ratcliff

Firstly, I would really like to say that this is a much-needed course
for any student. It teaches you to find creativity in everything you do,
even if you have never considered yourself a creative person. We don’t
realize just how much we (should) rely on our own thought production.
Unfortunately, the tendency is for students’ opinions to become products
of the amalgamated information we glean from textbooks. What I have
found is that this is more prevalent in some disciplines than in others.

I believe that this course, and especially one for 1st and 2nd year
students, would help students ‘find themselves’, and allow them to make
more confident choices in terms of ‘what they want to do with their
education’. Because the projects are so self-driven, there are endless
possibilities to explore what interests you and try things you might
normally not try. The fact that it is such an informal class also helps
those who are not confident in interpersonal situations, because it is
an open and fairly judgment-free environment, where students are
encouraged to talk to one another and engage in fun and interesting
activities.

Although it may be unorthodox, this teaching style and course design is
what is needed in order to create new ideas and promote creative
thinking. Even though I am a very outgoing person, quite comfortable in
many situations, I still find that I am inhibited in many of my formal,
traditional classes. I find that I have a steadier flow of ideas and
stronger problem solving skills in this class, perhaps even more than in
my fine arts classes, believe it or not, potentially because we still
have constraints and boundaries to curb our creativity.

I would love to take more IDEA courses in the future (as a matter of
fact, I’m registered for Myths and Narratives for Spring 2011), because
I feel that it has helped me in many aspects of my life, in and out of
school. I plan on promoting the class to as many other students as
possible so that they can try something other than ‘information
regurgitation’ because I believe it could be as beneficial to them as it
has been to me.

### Lisa Burgis

IDEA 3100 has been one of the best classes I have ever taken at
Kwantlen. I have never felt closer to a classroom of people either. I
think the biggest thing that I personally got from this class is that
creativity should be in my everyday life – it isn’t just for people who
have lots of time, or who are artists. I need to bring creativity into
everything I do. I also learned that creativity makes happiness – after
every class I was instantly happy and proud that I accomplished
something really meaningful and cool. Learning new art forms and
experimenting with my own skills was very rewarding because I realized I
can do it – I don’t need to be an artist, I just have to be me!

The thing I will take away from this class is that creativity has weight
and value and I need to bring it into my own life and those I care
about. I have done several art projects I learned from IDEA and
recreated them with my 7 year old niece because I want her to see her
own skill and feel proud. I also have put a greater value on making
things with my hands; the feeling I got from doing projects in this
class with my own hands was something I had never really felt before but
it made me proud and made me feel good about my own creativity. Our
discussion on procrastination also really helped me; I tend to
procrastinate a lot! I bought David Allen’s book and am finding already
through reading it half way through that it really is easy to get your
life together and feel more free and weightless by organizing your
tasks!

I will miss this class a lot; it was the highlight of my school week
because every time I went I felt happy and satisfied and ready to take
on the rest of my week. I am sad to leave Kwantlen, but also sad that
this class has to end – I really will miss all our activities,
discussions, and laughter. I hope IDEA becomes a staple at Kwantlen and
I feel blessed I was able to experience it.

### Punreet Nijjar

Coming into the IDEA class I was extremely nervous about what the class
and the experience would be like. I am usually shy and am not a big fan
of speaking in front of large crowds. My biggest fear was that I would
end up having to do a presentation all by myself and that I would mess
it up big time. However, I went into this class with an open mind and I
told myself that my goal by the end of this class was to learn to be
more comfortable with myself and to help bring out my creative side. And
I feel that is exactly what I am walking away with. I feel much more
comfortable voicing my opinion in front of the class and I noticed
myself speaking out more in my other classes as well. I have also learnt
so many different art projects that I have been teaching my daycare
kids, and have also found myself looking at ways in which I can create
new art projects. This class has been amazing!

It was one of the most interesting classes I have ever taken, and it
allowed me to try things that I normally wouldn’t have ever tried. I was
able to show off my creative side that I didn’t even know I had, and I
am also more willing to try new things now. I didn’t think of myself as
being an artistic person, but I have come to realize being artistic
isn’t just about how well you can draw or paint, but about how you
express yourself and the different ways in which you can do so. I am
extremely proud of myself for successfully completing this class and
achieving the goal I had first set for myself upon entering the class. I
feel like a different and more confident person now and I am ready to
take on the next IDEA class.

Amazon Field School Reflections
-------------------------------

§

This was a life-changing experience for me. I believe that Kwantlen
should have more of these classes which offer different learning
opportunities for students. Participating in this course was even more
interesting while being on location in the Amazon. This further
enhanced the experience by allowing students to get out of their
comfort zones and be exposed to new environments. As a result students
were able to tap into themselves and develop personal skills that may
never be developed in a regular classroom setting. I felt like I was
working on my development as a person and not just focusing on hard
skills. I believe that in traditional classroom settings students
rarely get the chance to focus on themselves and are not fully
engaged. IDEA courses allow for freedom to learn without too many
restrictions. I would recommend this course to anyone looking to
experience something life-changing and with much personal
growth. Being a part of this course while being in the Amazon rain
forest is something I will never forget.

§

Before making the decision to travel to Colombia as a representative
of Kwantlen Polytechnic University (KPU) I carried a burden in my
heart that prevented me from feeling completely satisfied with my
experience as a student. The routine I developed, reading books and
attending lectures, was no longer fulfilling so I shifted my focus
toward finding a way to be a part of something more, something
great. The Amazon field school was just that. Being a member of the
Amazon field school program not only provided an opportunity for me to
be a part of a life altering journey, it also changed how I view
education. Furthermore, being a member of the program offered more
than an opportunity to learn about Colombia and its culture, it also
provided me a safe outlet to break personal boundaries and increase my
self-awareness. By participating in the Amazon field school I acquired
knowledge not only about Colombia but also about myself and recommend
that students who are searching for direction (in their personal lives
or in their studies) partake in the Amazon adventure.

§

The Amazon experience allowed me to flow like the river itself, in
such a form where each day was lived fully and intensely. It inspired
me to create more, and use the living spirit of the forest as my
vessel of expression. Getting long hours of sleep, waking up early and
rested, ready to encounter a new day. The air was constantly
electrified by sounds from nearby nocturnal wildlife. It was
interesting to notice the Yin and Yang in the forest, for which by day
and night are were completely different. I am both humbled and awed by
all the generous, intelligent and creative Colombians that we met
along this journey. It was a heart-guiding experience for most of
us. The opportunity that Kwantlen gave me to experience this is
something I will be eternally grateful for, and I encourage further
Colombian and jungle field schools. For me it was an extremely rich
experience. I gained knowledge on the biodiversity of Colombia,
experienced the wild, thriving nature for myself, and gained creative
inspiration that will direct me on multiple levels of my life and
academics. I indulged in various local Amazonian artistic media, while
also learning about the politics and social issues of Colombia as well
as the ecology of the land. I came back with a new drive and broadened
perspectives. I came back with a new layer of skin and soul that share
the same storytelling nature as the layered trees.

§

The IDEA 3100 Amazon field school was a life experience that I will
never forget and one I will always brag about! IDEA has such a unique
approach to student learning, and I am so proud to be studying at a
University that has program like this. I have never, in my 6 years of
university, felt so involved in my learning. I thoroughly enjoyed
every aspect of this IDEA course. In IDEA you touch on multiple
topics, and experience multiple views and reactions. The course was
very interactive. Every student in IDEA 3100 wanted to be there,
making the learning process that much more interesting and
rewarding. I feel like a better-rounded student and person after just
one IDEA course. I have personally seen what a Science concentrated
degree can do to you, and I wish Simon Fraser had something like IDEA
to keep me balanced when I was studying for my B.Sc. Not all students
are traditional learners and I feel IDEA has an approach to education
and learning that the world needs to adopt; IDEA’s teaching methods
seem to fit more learning types. This program is something to be proud
of. Thank you to Ross and Lucie for being the such passionate
instructors. It’s refreshing to have instructors that are so dedicated
and involved with student education and learning.

§

The Interdisciplinary Expressive Arts Amazon Field School was a great
experience. The instruction of this course embodies most learning
styles. This allows true learning to take place, each student at their
own speed. Personal reflection allowed me to garner a deeper
understanding of myself and the information I learned on this
trip. Current university structure puts all emphasis on memorization
and regurgitating information onto standardized tests. This fails to
create true intellectual development. The IDEA course structure of
hands on experience and self-reflection allows students to gain a
deeper understanding of the material ultimately accessing higher
intellectual thought. Everyone I told about my trip to Colombia was
surprised to hear that such an exotic trip was being offered at
Kwantlen rather than UBC or SFU. I assume this is because they still
believe Kwantlen to be a lesser institution. However, everyone I have
told about the Amazon has been really excited to experience the field
school vicariously through my photos and account of the trip. One
thing that stood out to me after a conversation with a friend was,
“Jeez, if my school had trips to Colombia I woulda stayed in
school”. I really believe this sums up the benefit of having this
Amazon Field School, it puts Kwantlen on the map.

§

The Amazon field study was an ambitious endeavor to give students a
transformative experience, and Kwantlen’s IDEA program was truly
successful at doing so. This adventure to Colombia is something that I
will never forget. When I started at Kwantlen I had a goal to further
educate myself, I never thought that my time at university would also
lead to such an amazing experience such as this. I thought University
would be a place and time for me to grow in a sense of education,
however this IDEA field study helped me to grow as a person, which I
believe in combination with my education I have received will help me
to be successful in my future after I graduate. It is because of the
IDEA program that I have become a more rounded student, with not just
in classroom experience but a more international perspective. Which is
what I believe will help me to go further in both studies and career
goals. Sometimes it takes straying from routines and pushing yourself
past where you thought your limits were to help further develop
yourself. This is what the IDEA program does; it gives you that push
past the routine and into the unknown. It is a program that allows for
one to further develop themselves in ways most traditional education
doesn’t. It is the non-traditional ways of IDEA and the fact I got to
go to the Amazon Rainforest as a field trip that have made it one of
my favorite classes at Kwanlten.

§

Kwantlen Polytechnic University was the first school in Canada to
embark on an adventure to the Colombian Amazon, and I was fortunate
enough to be one of its first participants. We hiked through the
Amazon rainforest with shaman guides, sometimes during rainstorms; we
had an evening boat ride down the Amazon with nothing but the stars
and galaxies to light our way; we met with professionals and locals to
hear their tales of social responsibility, global issues, and magic;
and we witnessed countless rainbows, sunsets, and thunderstorms,
showcasing the diversity and complexity that is the Amazon. I remember
on the boat ride to Calanoa there was an intense thunderstorm –
lightning bolts illuminated the night sky as fireflies danced between
the trees – and all I was thinking was: the adventure has officially
begun. I am eternally indebted to Ross, Lucie, Marlene, Diego,
Carolina, Daniela, everyone at Calanoa and Kwantlen Polytechnic
University for providing this transformative experience. I learned so
much about myself, about Colombia, and about the world around
me. Ultimately, this was an experience I will never, never forget. It
was expensive, it was terrifying, but it was exciting, necessary, and
infinitely rewarding. I will recommend this field school to whomever I
can for as long as I can.

§

The IDEA Amazon field school has reminded me how much I enjoy
learning. I have always found that I have had problems connecting to
the material in a traditional classroom setting. I have difficulty
focusing during lectures, as I know that my style of learning is a
kinesthetic one. I learn best when I am actively engaged, and
generally rely on trial-and-error to solve problems and understand
material, (which is not necessarily conducive to receiving high
grades). While I do remember material easily when participating in
discussion, I am often one of only a few members who are interested in
speaking. Despite my relatively high grades, I do not consider myself
to be a good student. I procrastinate often, rarely read assigned
materials or texts, and draw pictures instead of take notes. I
calculate grades and percentages to determine the minimum amount of
work I can get away with doing and still maintain my GPA. I do not
blame the school for my general lack of motivation, as the traditional
system is something I simply do not fit into. IDEA does not only
encourage participation; it demands it. It demands 110% in everything
that is done, and I was more than willing to accommodate that
demand. The student-directed approach to learning is one that really
appeals to me as well; I am much more willing to put effort into a
project that I devised, or devised within a group, than I am with an
assignment that is imposed upon me, or that I do not understand. I
feel as though my input is welcomed, and the learning environment is
one that is receptive, friendly, and encourages personal growth and
development. I love that every student gets a chance to speak. The
concept of open discussion is embraced, and IDEA is one of only a few
classes where I felt challenged to honestly and openly reflect on the
material presented to me. I will continue to take IDEA classes during
my time at Kwantlen, as I believe the skills I have developed this
semester as an IDEA student are skills that I will keep with me, and
continue to use, for the rest of my life.

§

In Colombia, I went on an amazing journey – and not just within the
trip itself but also an emotional roller coaster. I experienced so
many eye-opening things that I have difficulty putting it all into
words. One of things that I really wanted to do when I was on this
trip was to go into it without letting fear stop me. There was no
doubt that I had fears and anxieties about what I was getting into but
I realized that this was an opportunity of a lifetime and a chance to
make as many memories as possible. I wanted to do everything and
experience everything because I knew I would regret it if I didn’t. I
tackled my fears while I was there and it has given me a new sense of
courage now. It was frightening enough just to decide to go to the
Amazon in the first place knowing that I would be in an truly
unfamiliar environment. I didn’t know how I would feel while I was
there. I felt that I pushed myself to be brave and not worry about the
outcome as much and I always ended up realizing that it wasn’t as bad
as I thought it would be. I surprised myself with how I reacted
emotionally to the situations I was put in. Even though overall I had
anxieties there was something internal pushing me to be brave. It was
a feeling that I had never experienced before.

§

During this field school I learned that I don’t know very much about
the world, but I know I really want to.  Colombia made me realize that
university alone does not shape you into knowledgeable
person. Experiences such as this are essential to being a better
rounded person. IDEA exposed me to so many avenues of study that I was
not aware of, and many that I am genuinely interested in.  This is the
first course in my 6 years of university where the grade was not the
focus of my study. I believe that this is the reason why I fully
engaged in the process and the journey. Our group reflections helped
me break out of my shell. They were an important part of this process
for me. I was shocked at the way I was able to speak to the group. I
was much more open than I am used to being. It was not just about
facing fear, it was about trusting others. Something I feel I had
lost. Now, I want to only associate myself with things I believe in
and things I am proud of. I want to see the world. If Colombia alone
has taught all this, I can’t imagine what seeing the world would
do. Life is a journey, and I think that mine is finally taking off. I
want to have more of these experiences; they are priceless lessons; an
entirely different type of education. Thank you Ross and Lucie for
pushing for this field school.

§

I now know a calm peace within myself like I have never known
before. Spending two weeks walking side by side the group, everyday
has been the catalyst for this. I realize now that I cannot move
forward alone, I must engage and be part of the greater whole in order
to realize any true and lasting meaning. Our group and the people of
Colombia, the Amazon and certainly the villages have shown me that it
is possible to be happier with less. Watching the children of the
village on the football field proved this to me. We are all
connected. I can now feel the connection after living it, it came from
the Amazon and the people – it was not there before we left Canada.

