
Introductions of Jen and Chris.

Discussion of course adjustments for Spring 2011 and possible future strategies for enrollment and retention.

Book sale and scholarship update from Billeh; discussion of potential dates.
Decision to send thank-you card to Simone LeBlanc.

Update from Aislinn re proposed contribution to scholarship fund.

Discussion of plans and requests for new office: table, kettle, microwave, two desks (only), lamp, couch (or similar), artwork. Discussion of how to purchase items.

Preliminary plans for a decorating party.

Scheduled decoration meeting for October 15, 10:00 am

FPP discussion: ideas for new media course development, dates for degree implementation and future planning (2011, 2012). Discussion of process for articulation of new media and social media courses. Next steps involve application for research (or similar) funds for development.

Ross and Aislinn to followup (application for .6 release for new and social media development).

Discussions and decisions of committee memberships and involvements.

Conversation about plans and ideas for (hopefully) upcoming degree: social media, conferences (eg Emily Carr), Guild, 
