   \TeXXeTstate=1
\documentclass[letterpaper,10pt,DIV=9,headsepline]{scrreprt}
   \usepackage{fontspec,xunicode}
    \defaultfontfeatures{Numbers=OldStyle,Scale=MatchLowercase,Mapping=tex-text}
    \setmainfont{Adobe Jenson Pro}
    \setromanfont[Mapping=tex-text]{Adobe Jenson Pro}
    \setsansfont[Scale=MatchUppercase]{Brioso Pro}
   \usepackage{graphicx}
   \usepackage{xltxtra}

\usepackage{scrpage2}
\clubpenalty=6000
\widowpenalty=6000
\author{Ross Laird}
\title{IDEA 4100 Evaluation for Assignment 1}
\date{today}
\ohead{IDEA 4100}
\begin{document}
\pagestyle{scrheadings}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{-1}

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: Phaedra Thompson

\bigskip
Hi Phaedra;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here. Keep going! And take a look at Shaun McNiff's various books.


\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: Steven

\bigskip
Hi Steven;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play. I also enjoyed the dimensionality of the boxes and the ways in which the piece was layered.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: Edmond Au

\bigskip
Hi Edmond;

I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
the blending of micro and macro, and the many connections and
surprises to be found throughout. And yes, it's true: the slower you go, the more you see.

Nicely done.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: Young Ai

\bigskip
Hi Young Ai;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.


\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 22/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: Shawn Mitz

\bigskip
Hi Shawn;

Ah yes, the spectacular disaster as creative experiment. Good job. Your narrative reminds me of Hemingway's comment about 100 pages of crap for each good written page. Not that you should make 100 flutes...

Keep going!

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 22/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: Debbie Langtry

\bigskip
Hi Debbie;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, education, and
creative play. A truly interdisciplinary project (research, writing, design, synthesis, presentation, etc.).

Very nicely done.

Also, this seems like a project in which you challenged yourself to do your best in every area. That's a good and useful challenge. 



\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 24/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: Karen Ezra

\bigskip
Hi Karen;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play. The CD was nice touch also. Overall, the project is an excellent interdisciplinary blend.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here. Good job.


\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 23/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: Amy Huang

\bigskip
Hi Amy;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.


\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 22/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: Erik Simonsen

\bigskip
Hi Erik;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, process, craft, and
creative play. It's always good to challenge oneself creatively, to
experiment with new forms and activities, and it seems to me that
you've accomplished this goal quite nicely with this project.

Well done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project. Good job on that front as well.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 23/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: Andrew Haugo

\bigskip
Hi Andrew;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of imagery, craft, and
creative play. Fractals are a lot of fun to play with, no? It would be interesting to think about the connections between the fractals and your previous work in geometric forms (I'm sure you have already thought about this). (See James Gleick's Chaos: The Making of a New Science.)

Nicely done.


\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 22/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: Cindy Rampfl

\bigskip
Hi Cindy;

An interesting project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective (pun!) project. Well done on that front also.


\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: Ashley Looye

\bigskip
Hi Ashley;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play. Nice mantra too.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 22/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: Laurel Graham

\bigskip
Hi Laurel;

An interesting project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play. You have an interesting illustration style that I can see evolving into a kind of distinctive trademark...

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 22/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: Siddha

\bigskip
Hi Siddha;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally resonant project.
It seems to reflect you is some mythological way... I also like the way in which you methodically recorded your process. The pictures are an interesting archive of stages and milestones; a series of evolutionary snapshots.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 23/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: Daniel Remedios

\bigskip
Hi Daniel;

Well, this sure is a courageous project! Very strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play. Taking risks in this way is very useful for creative development (and very hard to do, which is why so useful!).

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 23/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: 

\bigskip
Hi Student;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: 

\bigskip
Hi Student;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: 

\bigskip
Hi Student;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: 

\bigskip
Hi Student;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: 

\bigskip
Hi Student;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: 

\bigskip
Hi Student;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: 

\bigskip
Hi Student;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: 

\bigskip
Hi Student;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: 

\bigskip
Hi Student;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: 

\bigskip
Hi Student;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: 

\bigskip
Hi Student;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: 

\bigskip
Hi Student;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: 

\bigskip
Hi Student;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: 

\bigskip
Hi Student;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\subsubsection{Evaluation for Assignment 1}

Student: 

\bigskip
Hi Student;

An excellent project, with clear and strong effort and engagement. I
particularly appreciated the fusion of emotion, imagery, craft, and
creative play.

Nicely done.

Also, this seems like a very honest and personally reflective project.
Much vulnerability and self-awareness here.

%Nice job! Very engaging and interdisciplinary. And it sounds, as I
%listen to this, that you are enjoying yourself in these songs (and
%that you are stretching yourself, as well). That's good. I also like
%the resonant aspects of the music. Well done.

%I enjoyed this project. It seems simple on the surface, but it leads
%to some very interesting places. I enjoyed the dimensionality of it,
%the blending of actual and fictional, and the many connections and
%surprises to be found through your narrative.

\bigskip
Proposed evaluation: 21/25

\bigskip
As you know, one of the things we are trying to do in this course is
to challenge the essentially arbitrary structures and methods of
traditional academic work; this applies to evaluations as well.
Accordingly, I have not simply assigned a number to your evaluation
(well, I have assigned a number, but it's not necessarily the final
number). What I'd like you to do is review the criteria below, in
light of your knowledge of the extent to which you applied
interdisciplinary and creative strategies to this project. Do you
think that my evaluation is correct, too high, or too low? It's
important that you play a role in the evaluation, so please take some
time to think about this.

\begin{itemize}
\item Demonstration of commitment to interdisciplinary process.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of self-awareness.
\item Demonstration of commitment to the development of creativity.
\item Ability to participate in appropriate creative exploration.
\item Willingness to take appropriate risks and to challenge oneself.
\item Ability to take personal responsibility for learning.
\end{itemize}

If you think that my proposed number is correct -- that it accurately
reflects your engagement and effort for this project -- then we're in
complete agreement and you need do nothing. If you think that my
proposed number is either too high or too low, let me know and we'll
talk about it.

\newpage

\end{document}
%%% Local Variables: %%% mode: latex %%% TeX-master: t %%% End:
