Special Purpose Funds in the Faculty of Arts
============================================

The Special Purpose Funds described below represent strategic
investments in the Faculty of Arts for initiatives targeted to assist
the implementation of our academic plan and KPU’s strategic plan, to
contribute to faculty and student success, and to position us on a
path of fiscal sustainability.  Given institutional directives that
funding for such initiatives needs to come from within each Faculty,
it is important that the Faculty of Arts deploy these funds, as
resources permit, for a range of projects and partnerships that
further our commitments to teaching excellence, research and
scholarship, student retention, and community involvement.  The Dean’s
Office will administer the funds described below over three
application cycles per year. Deadlines for 2013 are February 15, June
15, and October 15. Applications must be submitted prior to the start
of the proposed initiative, and will be considered via a fair,
competitive process by a Selection Committee consisting of consisting
of two members of the Dean's Office and up to three faculty members
appointed through Arts Faculty Council.

The maximum amount of each award is $2,500.  Collaboration across
departments is encouraged.  Faculty may apply for more than the
maximum amount (up to $5,000) if more than one department is
represented in the application.

### APPLICATION AND AWARD DETAILS

Applications will consist of the following:

* identification of the funding category (A, B, C, D, or E; see
* details below) the title of the initiative names,
* departmental/program affiliations, and job title/position of all the
* persons involved (NEW: each named participant must attached a brief
  statement outlining the scope of their participation. These
  statements need to be sent with the complete application.)
* the date(s) of the initiative an overall initiative budget, including an
  indication of other sources of revenue, a use-specific breakdown of
  the amount requested, and an indication of which items in the budget
  will be covered by SPF monies (applications without complete budgets
  will not be considered) 
* a description of the project that includes
  the following (maximum length 750 words): a statement of purpose;
  main elements and objectives of the initiative; overview of the
  benefits of the initiative to students, faculty, and the KPU
  community

A final report must be submitted at the conclusion of the project, no
more than one year after the award notification.  The final report
must specify the project/initiative outcomes (e.g. publications, press
coverage, program proposals, etc.) and any remaining work or next
steps.  The length of the final report should be approximately 750
words.

Awardees are expected to present the results and/or experiences of
their funded project at one of our Faculty-wide celebrations or
meetings shortly following the conclusion of the project.

### FUNDING CATEGORIES

A.  Teaching Innovation

This category will support proposals from faculty to experiment with new and innovative teaching methods, technologies, or ideas. 

B.   Student Research & Scholarship

Awards in this category will be given to support student research and
scholarly endeavours such as research training, supplies, conference
registration costs, or research stipends.  Students assisting faculty
in their scholarly work such as library research, editing, event
organization, and lab coordination are also eligible.

C.  Recruitment & Retention Initiatives 

Based on an analysis of our current recruitment and retention
activities, and informed by the institution-wide recommendations of
the Foundations of Excellence program, this category provides for
strategic funds to support student recruitment and retention
(e.g. marketing of new degree programs, social media campaigns).

D.  Program Innovation & Expansion

Awards in this categorywill include start-up funding for expenses
associated with the development of proposals designed to generate
revenue (e.g. cost-recovery post-grad certificate programs, continuing
and professional education, fee-based training workshops).

E.  Conferences & Events

This category will provide support for conferences, events, workshops,
info sessions, art shows, film screenings, readings, etc., that are
consistent with the KPU’s Strategic Plan and in alignment with the
priorities of the Faculty as identified in the 2013 Arts Academic Plan
(available on the Faculty of Arts Sharepoint site). Conferences and
events that represent collaborations among and between faculty members
or partnerships with community groups, and which are
revenue-generating, will be given preference. Student conferences and
events are also eligible.


SEND COMPLETED APPLICATIONS TO: arts@kpu.ca, with the subject line ‘October 2013 SPF competition’.

Note: All aspects of the awarding of Special Purpose Funds, from the
composition of the Selection Committee to the amount of monies
conferred, will be reviewed in January 2014.

### FURTHER CONDITIONS

No member of faculty many receive more than one SPF award in any
twelve-month period unless the second award is part of a collaboration
with another faculty member or the requested monies are for a student
learning or research initiative under the faculty member’s direction.
Applications for projects involving course or credential development
must clearly indicate how the requested funds will be used in a manner
beyond normal faculty duties.  Expenses that are typically eligible
for professional development funds (e.g. related to conference,
workshop, or scholarly costs) will only be considered if the applicant
has already depleted the PD funds available to them for that
year. Applications for these types of expenses must include
documentation indicating that available PD funds for the year have
already been used.  SPF funds cannot be used to cover the cost of
tuition for students enrolled at KPU.  NEW: SPF funds will not be
authorized to cover catering/food and beverage expenses for KPU
faculty, staff, or students.
